Bump the tenzir-plugins submodule pointer to include the pipeline manager's resuming and pausing functionality (#3471)
tenzir/tenzir: changelog/next/features/3471--pausing-and-resuming-pipelines.md

> It is now possible to pause and resume pipelines in the pipeline manager with
> the `pause` and `start` actions.
> 
> Newly created pipelines are now in a new `created` state.

Reviewer: Minor nit: always prefer active voice for documentation and changelog entries.

```suggestion
The `pause` action in the `/pipeline/update` endpoint suspends a pipeline and
sets its state to `paused`. Resume it with the `start` action.

Newly created pipelines are now in a new `created` rather than `stopped` state.
```

Author: I changed the changelog entry.
